[All Hosts] (manifest) Update non-Outlook docs for GA of unified manifest (#4435)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/outlook-permission-levels-table.md

> [!NOTE]
>

> > - There is a supplementary permission needed for add-ins that use the append-on-send feature. With the XML manifest, you specify the permission in the [ExtendedPermissions](/javascript/api/manifest/extendedpermissions) element. For details, see [Implement append-on-send in your Outlook add-in](../outlook/append-on-send.md). With the unified manifest, you specify this permission with the name **Mailbox.AppendOnSend.User** in an additional object in the "authorization.permissions.resourceSpecific" array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - There's a supplementary permission needed for add-ins that use the append-on-send feature. With the XML manifest, specify the permission in the [ExtendedPermissions](/javascript/api/manifest/extendedpermissions) element. For details, see [Implement append-on-send in your Outlook add-in](../outlook/append-on-send.md). With the unified manifest, specify this permission with the name **Mailbox.AppendOnSend.User** in an additional object in the "authorization.permissions.resourceSpecific" array.
```

> > - There is a supplementary permission needed for add-ins that use shared folders. With the XML manifest, you specify the permission by setting the [SupportsSharedFolders](/javascript/api/manifest/supportssharedfolders) element to `true`. For details, see [Enable shared folders and shared mailbox scenarios in an Outlook add-in](../outlook/delegate-access.md). With the unified manifest, you specify this permission with the name **Mailbox.SharedFolder** in an additional object in the "authorization.permissions.resourceSpecific" array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - There's a supplementary permission needed for add-ins that use shared folders. With the XML manifest, specify the permission by setting the [SupportsSharedFolders](/javascript/api/manifest/supportssharedfolders) element to `true`. For details, see [Enable shared folders and shared mailbox scenarios in an Outlook add-in](../outlook/delegate-access.md). With the unified manifest, specify this permission with the name **Mailbox.SharedFolder** in an additional object in the "authorization.permissions.resourceSpecific" array.
```
